Age -- Age of Player at the start of February 1st of that season.
Tm -- Team
G -- Games
GS -- Games Started
MPG -- Minutes Played Per Game
FG -- Field Goals Per Game
FGA -- Field Goal Attempts Per Game
FG% -- Field Goal Percentage
3P -- 3-Point Field Goals Per Game
3PA -- 3-Point Field Goal Attempts Per Game
3P% -- FG% on 3-Pt FGAs.
2P -- 2-Point Field Goals Per Game
2PA -- 2-Point Field Goal Attempts Per Game
2P% -- FG% on 2-Pt FGAs.
eFG% -- Effective Field Goal Percentage
This statistic adjusts for the fact that a 3-point field goal is worth one more point than a 2-point field goal.
FT -- Free Throws Per Game
FTA -- Free Throw Attempts Per Game
FT% -- Free Throw Percentage
ORB -- Offensive Rebounds Per Game
DRB -- Defensive Rebounds Per Game
TRB -- Total Rebounds Per Game
AST -- Assists Per Game
STL -- Steals Per Game
BLK -- Blocks Per Game
TOV -- Turnovers Per Game
PF -- Personal Fouls Per Game
PTS -- Points Per Game
MP -- Minutes Played across the season
PER -- Player Efficiency Rating
A measure of per-minute production standardized such that the league average is 15.
TS% -- True Shooting Percentage
A measure of shooting efficiency that takes into account 2-point field goals, 3-point field goals, and free throws.
3PAr -- 3-Point Attempt Rate
Percentage of FG Attempts from 3-Point Range
FTr -- Free Throw Attempt Rate
Number of FT Attempts Per FG Attempt
ORB% -- Offensive Rebound Percentage
An estimate of the percentage of available offensive rebounds a player grabbed while he was on the floor.
DRB% -- Defensive Rebound Percentage
An estimate of the percentage of available defensive rebounds a player grabbed while he was on the floor.
TRB% -- Total Rebound Percentage
An estimate of the percentage of available rebounds a player grabbed while he was on the floor.
AST% -- Assist Percentage
An estimate of the percentage of teammate field goals a player assisted while he was on the floor.
STL% -- Steal Percentage
An estimate of the percentage of opponent possessions that end with a steal by the player while he was on the floor.
BLK% -- Block Percentage
An estimate of the percentage of opponent two-point field goal attempts blocked by the player while he was on the floor.
TOV% -- Turnover Percentage
An estimate of turnovers committed per 100 plays.
USG% -- Usage Percentage
An estimate of the percentage of team plays used by a player while he was on the floor.
OWS -- Offensive Win Shares
An estimate of the number of wins contributed by a player due to his offense.
DWS -- Defensive Win Shares
An estimate of the number of wins contributed by a player due to his defense.
WS -- Win Shares
An estimate of the number of wins contributed by a player.
WS/48 -- Win Shares Per 48 Minutes
An estimate of the number of wins contributed by a player per 48 minutes (league average is approximately .100)
OBPM -- Offensive Box Plus/Minus
A box score estimate of the offensive points per 100 possessions a player contributed above a league-average player, translated to an average team.
DBPM -- Defensive Box Plus/Minus
A box score estimate of the defensive points per 100 possessions a player contributed above a league-average player, translated to an average team.
BPM -- Box Plus/Minus
A box score estimate of the points per 100 possessions a player contributed above a league-average player, translated to an average team.
VORP -- Value over Replacement Player
A box score estimate of the points per 100 TEAM possessions that a player contributed above a replacement-level (-2.0) player, translated to an average team and prorated to an 82-game season.
Multiply by 2.70 to convert to wins over replacement.
shoots -- categorical, left or right, based on handedness
salary -- money paid to the player or money to be paid if current year
height -- height in inches
weight -- weight in pounds
Dist. -- Average distance shots taken from rim
2P_A -- Percentage of shots taken that were 2P-FGAs
0-3_A -- Percentage of FGAs that were 0 to 3 feet from the rim
3-10_A -- Percentage of FGAs that were 3 to 10 feet from the rim
10-16_A -- Percentage of FGAs that were 10 to 16 feet from the rim
16-3pt_A -- Percentage of FGAs that were between 16 feet from the rim and 3pt range 
3P_A -- Percentage of FGAs that were from 3pt range
0-3% -- FG% on FGAs that were 0 to 3 feet from the rim
3-10% -- FG% on FGAs that were 3 to 10 feet from the rim
10-16% -- FG% on FGAs taht were 10 to 16 feet from the rim
16-3pt% -- FG% on FGAs that were between 16 feet from the rim and 3pt range
Astd_2P -- percetage of 2P FGs on which player was assisted
Dunk% -- dunk attempts as a percentage of all FG attempts
Dunks_Md -- number of successful dunks 
Astd_3P -- percentage of 3P FGs on which player was assisted 
%Corner3_A -- percentage of 3PA from either corner
Corner_3P% -- 3P% on 3PAs from either corner 
Heaves_A -- heave attempts (beyond halfcourt)
Heaves_Md -- heaves made (beyond halfcourt)
